# Travle Earth Graph Generator

This Python script generates a graph visualization of connections between countries based on a dataset provided in CSV format. The project is inspired by the online geography game [travle.earth](https://travle.earth/).

## Overview

The script reads a CSV file containing country connections, parses the data, and performs a breadth-first search (BFS) algorithm to find the shortest path between two specified countries. It then generates a graph in DOT format, which can be converted into PNG or SVG images using Graphviz.

## Usage

To use the script, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository:** Clone this repository to your local machine.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AurelienPasquet/travle.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Directory:** Move into the project directory.

   ```bash
   cd travle
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies:** Ensure you have Python 3 installed on your system. Additionally, install Pydot to generate graph images.

   ```bash
   pip install pydot
   ```

4. **Run the Script:** Execute the Python script with the desired source and target countries.

   ```bash
   python travel.py [source] [target] [opt: paths number]
   ```

   - `[source]`: The source country.
   - `[target]`: The target country.
   - `[opt: paths number]`: Optional parameter to specify the number of paths to print. Defaults to the number of paths generated by the program.
   - Countries with spaces in their names must be written between double quotation marks or by replacing spaces by undercores, example below.
<br>
5. **View the Graph:** The script generates a graph in both PNG and SVG formats, named `graph.png` and `graph.svg`, respectively.

## Example

To find and visualize the 3 first shortest paths from Senegal to South Africa:

```bash
python travle.py Senegal South_Africa 3
```
or
```bash
python travle.py Senegal "South Africa" 3
```

## Dataset

The script uses a dataset provided in CSV format. Each line in the CSV file represents a country and its neighboring countries, separated by commas.

## Credits

This project is inspired by the online geography game [Travle Earth](https://travle.earth/).
